oh come on you guys to me all the dirt
well the biggest news is still you don't
think dairy at the other all right let's
talk reality for a second okay what are
you coming home
what kind of not come on this is us I'm
not this is what I'm doing now I've got
this job waitressing okay you're not
just waitressing
I mean I'm i am i write the specials on
a specials board and and i take the dead
flowers additive odd going sometimes
arturo let's we put the little chocolate
blobbies on the cookies well your mom
didn't tell us about the blobbies
[Music]
hey Rach I wasn't with your friends okay
how would you like some Tiki Death Punch
what's up well it's remember we saw some
same he was staying over tonight we have
kind of like a slumber party thing we
got some thrashing magazines we got
cookie dough we got twister oh and I
brought operation but I lost the
tweezers so we can't operate but we can
prep the guy up mate it's the Visa card
people Oh God ask them what they want
could you please tell me what this is in
reference to gentlemen
they say there's been some unusual
activity on your account but I haven't
you as my card in weeks
that is the unusual languages look they
just want to see if you're okay I want
to know if I'm okay okay they want to
know if I'm okay okay let's see well
let's see despite the guys took all my
money
everyone I know is either getting
married or getting pregnant or getting
promoted and I'm getting coffee and it's
not even for me
so that sounds like I'm okay okay then
you can tell them I'm okay
okay rachel has left the building
can you call back all right come on
let's play twister
[Music]
what there was ice there that night in
Carroll plastic seats 4000 angry
Pittsburgh fans no actually I'm just
saying looks like we're not sitting
together but now that you mention it
there was ice there that night it was
the first prom saving just 50 cents it
you should feel great about yourself
you're doing this amazing independent
thing Monica what is so amazing I gave
up like everything and for what you are
just like Jack Jack him downstairs no
Jack and the Beanstalk ah the other jack
Yeah right see he gave up something but
then he got those magic beans and then
he woke up and there was just this big
plant outside the window full of
possibilities and stuff and he lived in
a village and you wouldn't a village
okay but see